You selfishness, your lack of hygiene, your lack of consideration for things. It's like all you care about is getting your fucking dick wet. And I hope you are. I hope you have millions of women getting your dick w. I hope you're so happy with that. Well, I think that's what sexual deprivation would do to someone. Like, you're acting like you starve someone and then they go eat afterwards, you're surprised. Like, why? Why are you having a great time? Because guess what? You knew what I was dealing with on top of that as your partner. Again, the partner aspect was because of the lack of intimacy in the first place. It's not like I didn't try. Yes, that's what happens. And that's the thing. That's the problem with belonging. communicate. allowed me, you allowed me to deal with all of those feelings I came with that and knowing that you were doing things behind my back. And then even secondarily wanting to get back together and you're still having sex with other people so dishonest. And you want to sit here and tell. How is I did I say that I wasn't? If you're intending to go back together and then you're still, like, this is what I'm saying. Like, I'm I'm good. I'm I'm good off of all this. Like, truly. I've really tried to handle everything and be cordial and all that., I do care. I do care. That's wrong for you to say. my feelings. Well, you didn't care about my feelings, clearly. I mean. Did you forget about the part where. I've been dealing with a million things. On top of that, I was aware of that. And I was actively putting energy and to try to rectify the situation. And how how would that even look like? How, when you clearly weren't interested in doing those things? So, what, you're going to do stuff that you't interested? Do you think I wanted to do that? I talking about things other than sex? Like other than penetration, you, that's all you were interested in, Literally. But you're calling me the sex addicts. No, you just didn't want to. You didn't want to take... I feel like the way that you approached sex was just. She was the one that only one in penetration, and then shut down afterwards, with anything else. Because I didn't I didn't feel at ease, okay? You don't know the truth? I didn't feel at ease. I feel like every time it was.. Not every time, but there are times where like, we would try to be intimate and I feel like you were just, like, like, rushing to consume me. And not in, like, a desirable way that I liked, it felt like it just, it felt so lustful and it just kind of kind of made me feel, let me finish. It kind of made me feel disconnected from my body because like, I wanted a certain level of depth and I had to feel like connection for me to like, do things, but it just. And especially at the point where you would only be super interested in being during sex and then other times, hey, you have this? Oh my gosh, oh my gosh. Like, you didn't want to you didn't want to show up for me. And I That's what happens you It wasn't conscious even. And guess what? That's something? It was like, okay, we have to discuss and work on it, but guess what you didn't say anything. He didn't say anything for a while. Is, why do you want to hurt your feelings? Okay, well, you've done that. You just took more time and build up to make it great to make it really great to hurt my feelings in that by a way. Things are hard. It's hard to discuss things. You can say you're soci operate or what, but guess what? The way that you handled this? horrible. I know that. Zero out of 10, thumbs down. And I had Because guess what? S is a delicate thing I enjoy. I love doing that with my partner. But there are so many things associated with it and truly, I think because. I was just honestly, I think, from a spiritual sense, I just think we work really on on the same wavelength. And I think I had a certain little depth depth to myself that I feel like we didn't have, and that also made it hard for you to see me and to recognize things and to see me as a person, if you to feel deeply connected to you. Yes, we would have good conversations about politics in the world and all this stuff going on, but the depth of life just even dealing, dealing with the data, dealing with what it means to try to personsevere and develop yourself and do all these things. Those conversations weren't really bad and it things things like that, like, I just think they're a multitude of ways that we were incompatible, not just sexually, okay? Because, yes, we know that's that's the big area, that's why things didn't work out. But truly, I also knew deep down that in that way we weren't compatible sex to me is it it's a great thing to share with your partner, but it for me, it acquires so much. I I'm. I wasn't receiving enough love and care for you from you to feel extremely boring all the time. c because when we first met, I was so young. I was so young. I wasn't working. I was in school. I was laying in your bed every day. You'd come from class, fuck me, leave, come back, fuck me again, and smoke, and stay up all night. Fuck me. Like, simple times, right? Everything is so easy, but now you introduce, like, other things into the mix. Yeah. It's gonna get a little bit difficult. But the fact that you couldn't even have a conversation about how you were feeling and to try to figure out how to make things work and to dig deep and figure out what the root of the issue was. Because, yeah, I had medical issues, but guess what? There were other ways for things to be strengthened, other ways for things to be tackled. But because you decided to not say anything and then you decided to keep guess what? It just wasn't meant to be. It wasn't meant to be and that's OK. Yeah, I I took your advice about, like unpacking trauma and stuff like that and I had conversations with like my mom and dad and, yeah, it seems like that was it was like the same scenario that, like, ended their relationship and talking to like both of them, like, I was able to like, you know, see the different perspectives and, you know, my mom sounded just like you in terms of, like, her gripes and my dad sounded like me in terms of, you know, the issues I had, like, even just, like, the terms I was using to describe stuff, like, you know, like, for instance, like sexual cadence, like, you know, my mom's said, that's exactly what my dad said, and my dad said, that's how he felt. And it really just made me wish that they could actually have those conversations with me beforehand 'cause I hate that I had to, like, experience it forhand and put you through that as well without, like, like the foresight that I should have had about that sort of stuff, and, you know, it, I learn a lot from my relationships, and I don't like to repeat mistakes, because I know that there's a lot of hurt that I've caused to another person, you know, in that case, like, so, it's fundamentally changed, like what I'm looking for now in terms of, like, I'm really only existively looking for, like non- monogamy. and really just looking for, like, like queer people in general, like, you know, kind of like what Di said, like, I'm not really interested anymore, and, like, like, straight, like, heterosexual type, I guess, like, bisexual is fine, but just that type of relationship structure, I think it is incompatible with my beliefs, I think that it's incompatible with my sex driver, or at least it's too fickle. It's your life. Yeah. But I missing a lot to say, like,. There's many ways that I also book be build, so truly.. I was breaking up, That's fine. When it comes to the whole sex addict thing, I think, I mean, yes, we all are, though. It's a biological response. And, like. Yeah, but you also, you have a lack of self control. It has nothing to do. You have a lack of self-cont control. It has. You can self-control will just build res resentment and frustration. It's a subconscious thing. No, because you don't have the self-control conversation and make sure things were properly concluded before you went out and started fishing. That is a lack of self control. Is it not? I'm not saying you're not allowed to have a sex drive. You are. But that? But your lack of self control came from you being selfish. You're acting selfish. And this isn't the first time you've done this. You're with someone else outside of issues, and he cheered on that person. Second time's a charm. He repeated a cycle again. So you say you learned, but did you really? 'Cause you fucking did that shit and did that to me. and that other person. Truly, I'm just like,'Cause I really, I wanted to make things work. But at the back of my mind, I'm like, is he gonna cheat on me too? But good luck with your future endeavors, you know. Maybe that is what you need to just have sex with anybody.. truly, like, if, like, do what you want to do, live your life, do it. I don't care. You know, I mean, I least now I know more precisely, like, you know, what I want. Like, and I did learn lessons from that relationship, and I learned that I needed to be with somebody with like, similar sexual cadence and that sort of thing.. But I didn't account for that cadence changing over time or like, changing drastically in the way it did, and that there's like, basically nothing in monogamy that can account for that, so then it just necessitates a break up. And, like, maybe for you, breaking up is so easy, just, like tearing someone out of your life is so easy, but it's truly not for me. I don't, like. That's just not how I am. Maybe that's just me, maybe that's different, but, like, I think you're severely underplaying how hard it is to end a connection like that. And I'm not saying that to say that you know, I shouldn't have done it. I should have. And I acknowledge that I fell short, but again, like, it's not even that I didn't try. Like, that second conversation I went into that trying to break up. Like, I was trying to break up with you. But I just, I couldn't do it. I couldn't look you in the face and break your heart. And I ended up doing it anyways and making it worse. And I understand that, but. But then you wanted to get back together. You wanted to try again. Why? If this is something you knew that you want to say, why did you try to say, oh, I want to get back together? I knew you were full of shit. I wasn't full of shit. I was like, I realized that. I did so prematurely and that I should have respected your will to try, like actually, and to, like, basically, like, try, like your way, but I was, you know, obviously, I wasn't thinking that you were just going to come back with flailing arms and stuff like that. I thought you were probably going like, if that was something you were interested in, we would have a conversation about what that would even look like, and if it was even possible. And then in that conversation, I would mention that, like, if we try it like your way and we try it, I'm down with that, but if it doesn't work, then we should at least like try it my way, then and see. Like, because I felt like. And that's something that I guess I inherited from, like, my dad or just, like subconsciously, like, just trying to fix something, even if it's, like, even when I said disengage, just, like, really trying to put to try to fix. And that's, you know, that's what I got from my conversation from him where that was his problem, where he was trying to make it work, even though he should have just given up. And you know, I feel like for me, that I was kind of, like, staring down that same, like, that same path where again, the reason why I didn't bringing up early in the like in the relationship is because I was trying to make it work. Like, I was I was genuinely trying to work on myself to like adjust my libido, to be basically to make it work. I was trying to fix myself internally and it just wasn't until, like, I just realized that at the level I am right now, it's like, can I really, like feel happy like this for the rest of my life? And. Again, like, I was staring down that conversation. I just couldn't I couldn't say that I would. at least as a currently stands. And I just couldn't see a way, like, I just didn't see how you could try in a way that was, like, real and organic and didn't feel like you were forcing yourself to try. Because I didn't want that. I didn't want you to to, like, have sex with me if you didn't want to in that moment. I didn't want you to, like, explore different things, like that you weren't ready to explore or unpack trauma that you weren't ready to unpack, but I just didn't feel like because of that, it necessitated us basically deleting each other from our lives, and I just thought that that was very, like a harsh, like ultimatum where it's like, it's either that or's like, you're just somebody that I used to know. And to me, that's what it was scary, that's, you know, what made it so hard to say. That's why ultimately, I didn't end things when I should have. And I know, you know, in the past, when I said that to you, you said that, you didn't like how that came off in terms of like not trying to try, but just focused on trying to end things. But truly in that moment, like, that's when I should have broken up because that's when my mind essentially was like made up in that instance, like, and if I felt that, like, later down the line through extra self-relection or more self-reflection, that maybe I hadn't given it all the, like, or maybe we could try one more time. That's something I should have brought up at that time, but I should have I should have ended things there. But, like again, like, it wasn't it wasn't easy to do. I know I'm not trying to take away from what I did. I'm just trying to communicate to you as somebody who loves you, who did love you, that it wasn't like, it wasn't like an easy thing. It really wasn't. Like.. I know it's fucked up, and I know, like.. I didn't want to do that. I didn't want to, and I just like, looking at and realizing how frustrated I was, like. it was just, it made it at that point, yeah, that made it hard to control, because I already like emotionally detached myself when I realized that as like a protection mechanism and like, So it was selfish of me to.. I was. I was frustrated, I was angry. I was angry at you, because I felt like, you know, because of this, that, you know, ultimately, you would leave, you know, and that there would be no resolution in the long run. I was just, I know it's not fair for you, because you know, even if you do the work and understand how, like what I was saying about monogamy, you could still, it was very valid for you, that's just how you feel. And that's fair. That's valid, but it still it still didn't hurt any less. It still didn't hurt any laws, because just as you say that there's certain qualities that make you realize that I wasn't your forever partner, like, for me, I feel like it's the same. Like, I feel like my forever partner wouldn't let a construct, especially one in like in Drenston white supremacy to like end a relationship, if that's supposed to be, especially if the whole point was for a lifetime connection. Disrespected me. And yourayed my trust. I get that, but even before that happened, the options were still the same. The options were breaking up. Were they not? Like, there was no, there wasn't a path forward. And it just callously of all that break up. That was the option. about fantasizing about other people than trying to make things work in this relationship. 'Cause we had a very long conversation for hours, I remember. What would this look like? How do we work on this? I'm Trying to brainstorm. know what you mean by fantizing about other people. We were on a dating yard. You were actively, like, preparing and which I'm sure from when I found out and probably had already been contacting other people and I'm sitting here thinking. So I'm I'm not thinking everything's going to be okay in a week or so. Shit takes time to work on. It does. But truly, that's okay. That is okay Because guess what? There are people out there who want the non-monogamous situation and there are people out there who want the monogamous situation. There are people out there who date people who have general herpes, who date people, who have other medical conditions that do affect the science, but then they do care and they do try to work through things. And that's not you, and that's fine. So guess what? Go ahead and do what you want to do, but there's a way to go about talking about things.. Everybody does their own thing. different strokes for different folks. If you wanna go to a fucking Utah and and do the Laer Day same shit and have like 10 wives, go ahead and do that. It's your life. That's not what I want. I'm just saying, like, people out there are having their relationships that they want to have. For me, I don't have a time or energy for multiple people, especially not multiple men, because y'all drain energy. Okay? There's very few of y'all who actually can p into women the way that women port into you. Because remember when you when you told me you weren't able to be there for me in the way that I was there for you? I think I didn't realize that? I know who I am. I know this type of person I am. I know how how much love and support I give. And I also know that that for me with all the things I've been through, the fact that I had a partner who wasn't able to support into me in that way, I felt it. That also impacted things. So it's just like it's this truly a situation where it's not working and in whatever ways the different ways is not working and that's it. You were dealing with your own thing trying to figure stuff out. I'm trying to figure myself out, so grown and learning. You're so grown in learning. Okay. But it's so important to have integrity about things. At least for me, that's what I think. That's in my values have integrity about things. 'Cause imagine I just want toxic and I did some crazy shit after and I didn't tell you that I knew yourating happened, I did some Imagine my under your n I'm like, yeah, let's make this work. And I'm doing shit, I'm poisoning you or something. I could have did some crazy shit, but I didn't. I talked about it. Even if it was uncomfortable, even if it was hurtful and I felt betrayed and I felt like, wow. I still talked about it. Still try to go about things the right way. Because while I was truly a crazy bitch, I could have killed you. Could have fucking did some crazy shit, right? But I didn't, because I have integrity and I have morals. Because truly, the monogy aside, your values, we don't have the same values, so I really don't know how it would have worked after that point. It's awkward. You know, almost like don't want to say this, but like it's crazy. It's like, the week after broke up. It's like, I've been totally fine. Like, down there. It's like, wow. I know that was my bodies were telling me like that. It's okay to let go. This isn't it for you, okay? And we have a little TMI, but truly, like, I'm really grateful to be able to reclaim this time for myself and to focus on what I need to do in to just do the because I don't want to be in a relationship where I can't trust somebody someone's not born into me, spiritually emotionally where like, which I wanted us to grow together. I want us to figure shit out. But I'm gonna be so honest and over time, I realized, I'm like, the things that I I want in a life partner. Like, I don't I don't know. I don't know if this is going to be possible. You're probably thinking the same thing, like, wow, she she's not hoarding for me every single day. Like, what's going on? Okay? We part ways. That's it. It's not every single day. That's a girl's wish characterization of what happened. All I'm just saying is, like, things happen. but it's, like, you.. For, like, months? Like, and then. And, like, listen, like, I get it when stuff happened, like, spontaneously and stuff like that, and you have to focus on your health. But, like, I felt like you would, like, effectively, like, lead me on, like, you know, for instance, like, like the last couple chips that we we took, like, you know, you were talking in a way that made it seem like you were, like, fine and like, like physically down there and like, in a mental headspace to, like, have sex and then when those times came, it was just like, well, no. And I'm like, yeah, that makes sense. But, like, I just felt like. You know, that that's like a lot of. disconnected. took a lot of courage for me to say that because there are multiple times where you were intimate and I wasn't always feeling okay. And it was just like, I was proud of myself in those moments, even we weren't happier or you were.. And I'm glad that you told me, I don't I didn't want that. The thing is, it's such a difficult thing to navigate, and I had a lot of anxiety about it, and I feel like I'd be feeling that way and I just feel like... You did know how to deal with that. So you wouldn't say anything either. So then it was just like, Because those are that's the that's the autonomy swap that monogamy demands that we just don't talk about, not just us in the relationship, but just in general, like our generation does not talk about how that actually looks like when these type of shit occur. So it's like we have to experience that like firsthand, like raw in the moment, because it's not something that's talked about. But truly, like, if this was a polygamous situation, you could not be the parter to me that I needed you to be with your attention and other other people's beds. Truly you couldn't. It would just be roommates. Would we not? Because you weren't even that attentive as a partner. So how would you be able to be a well grounded partner and then be worrying about contacting so many other people to go sleep with? Truly, that's not the relationship that I would want. Truly, no, it would not work. It would not work.. I think that that's an overexaguation because, like, first of all, like, again, like, on my end of it, the lack of intimacy, like, subconsciously started, like, eroding and doing things that I would typically do anyways, because I just felt disconnected. Like, if that was something that I was already established, then it wouldn't like, I wouldn't feel disconnected in that way, because it's something that I would expect. Like, it's already predefined, and it would allow me to then pour in war. And you're acting like it would be propositioning, like, in chasing it after everyone, like, that's not how it would have even like looked like. You know, I think it would have been way more realistic to have, like, I guess, one, like, other partner that that's just strictly sexual. That way there's none, like, there's no time to be wasted in that way, like searching and looking, and it's just in that capacity. And I do think it would make it easier to pour into you. In fact, even, again, like after we broke up, like, and I started having sex at a cadence for me like, it did, like a lot of that like resentment in that pent up frustration and, like, it fell to the wayside, and even though we weren't together, I did find it was easier for me to even pour into you until like, I know it was kind of like, too little, too late, but like, you know, I it felt It wouldn't because again, the way that you handle things, it's shown me things about your character that, like, I truly don't want to deal with someone like that. I don't. And that's fair, you know. I don't I don't want that. Do you not want that? You know things. You know, I want a partner that's not, like selfish, sexually in that way in terms of trying to double dip in sexual autonomy in a relationship. And I didn't realize, like, how much, like, that could affect the relationship, especially when sexual cadence was a concern, but trust and believe that's a non negotiable for me now.m glad you realize that 'cause't be around hurting people you have. It's my intent too. That's why I do the work afterwards to make sure that I never end up in situations like that again, and Never? Yeah. Good for you. It's funny though. Look, but I actually look for what I want and be honest with myself and do that. Like, it's a lot easier to then get that, like. you know, if I'm like, met and talked with people who would, like, understand that didn't have, like, I guess similar reviews on monogy in that way, and it's just so refreshing to, like, be validated in that way, where it feels like that is never something that we would be able to resolve because we just fundamentally think differently, which is okay. Because I not the whole point. Yeah. by the way, just feels like you're on freak out again. I'm not like connected to the ring camera thing. Yeah, I know, I know, because you got a new phone and you have to redo the two factor when you do, 'cause that's what happened when I got a new phone, so. Yes, I'm aware. In the year... an intense act of selfishness. I can't deny that. I just know that I'm not the only... Like, person. I can't even say God. The only person to go through that, you know, and I know it's way more common than people think, like.. There are people want term relationships that they want to have. It's normal. Mm hmm. I just feel like if. But don't sit here and try to, like, tell me, "Oh, you're not a real leftist because you think I'm gonna see you. I mean Truly, truly, no, truly, like. Leave me the fuck alone about that. Leave me alone. Leave me alone about it. what I say on a true alley to women, because of the way that you treat women. I fucking lying and cheating., but see what probably doesn't exist because everyone should just keep polygonous, down. She's fucking selfish. I't expecting to keep your autonomy and your partners isn't selfish. Is that not selfish? Being dishonest is selfish. That is true. I'm not denying it, but I'm just saying, like, the failure to see the selfishness of yourself in terms of that. I't to try to figure things out. I was willing to do that. You were willing to go cheat. You kept saying? Yeah, but in that conversation, all you could say is that you're willing to try, but you couldn't even articulate what that would look like, that would even necessitate any change from what we've been doing. Actually, yes, it would be trying to strengthen the emotional connection and to try to increase intimacy. Exactly. So that that on your front, right, that would be strengthening in the way that you connect sexually. But it wouldn't strengthen the way I connect sexually. It would also be a joint effort. Would it not? Because we talked about how it was a circle. Exactly. But there was nothing I could do on my end to strengthen that is that's the thing. You were still, your trying was only being concerned of how you like related with sex, not the way I related with sex, even though issue with the way I was related with sex. I relationship felt like, oh, there wasn't enough intimacy and I also felt the same way. We were talking about like two different types of intimacy. And it's like, how do we bridge that gap? That's the part that we had to figure out together because guess what? relationship can require compromise. So we would both have to compromise and figure out how to strengthen that and bridge that gap. Because if I wanted this thing if you wanted that thing and they weren't the exact same thing, it's how we how do we get to that middle point? That's what it was. And it's not easy. And here I was thinking, you were willing to work on that, but you weren't, if that is okay. You just need to communicate that, but you didn't. That's why I think the way they are now. To God. Do you think I lie? Mr. stinky b.. How are you? Let me know when you get him away. I will. I want to try to keep him. If I can, but we'll see and take please. Fine. If you want keep a couple? Sure. Just because I buy these night. eat and squ. You never know how much stuff we eat until you move. Tell me about it. You mom, you got to go. hmm. You so, um.. Oh, there's one more shoe. Oh, let me. It's took a heel, I think. Just give me a second. You also actually have. Okay. glasses. Where did the heel go? I forgot covered. Oh, here it is. All right. are you here this. This water. So it's like your glasses and. Okay. Oh, did you go away? Um, not yet, no. Okay.. You need to help loading. It's. Hmm.