OpinionVideoAboutWritersNews teamHigher Education FellowsYoung JournalistsAlumniContributorsJoin UsBecome a Young JournalistBecome a FellowBecome a DonorSend a tipSend A TipCampusesNo resultsOpinionVideoAboutWritersNews teamHigher Education FellowsYoung JournalistsAlumniContributorsJoin UsBecome a Young JournalistBecome a FellowBecome a DonorSend a tipSend A TipCampusesVideoAboutWritersNews teamYoung JournalistsAlumniContributorsHigher Education FellowsJoin UsBecome a Young JournalistBecome a DonorSend a tipSend A TipCampusesSearch'Compulsory monogamy' a result of 'colonialism,' says UChicago speaker
She asserts that society's disposal toward monogamy is a result of colonialism.
A visiting professor at the University of Chicago spoke on “compulsory monogamy.”
Trending ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Caroline Wharton| Staff Writer, Students for Life of America February 26, 2020, 11:13 am ET
A University of Alberta professor spoke at the University of Chicago on Feb. 10 and blamed colonialism for society’s embrace of “compulsory monogamy.’
Kim TallBear, an associate professor of Native Studies, gave a lecture entitled, “Settler Love is Breaking My Heart” which detailed her theory that societal preference for monogamy is a result of “settler-colonialism.”
According to the Chicago Maroon, Tallbear dedicated her lecture to “the many humans suffering [from] profound loneliness within their monogamous relationships, or due to other deprivation stemming from a compulsory monogamy structure.”
In her lecture, TallBear relayed that she had faced the monogamous struggles as she herself was married, calling her own experience of being married one of “squeezing myself into the box of a normative marriage” as the “hardest thing I have done.”
TallBear continued, saying that although she and her husband had ended their intimate relationship, they were still legally married. She cited their marital status as proof of the advantages of state-sanctioned marriage.
[RELATED: Catholic University’s LGBT Center hosts event on polyamory]
TallBear said, “Perhaps we also stay legally married because, within the settler-colonial system, state-sanctioned marriage, whether secular or ceremonial, provides benefits that make it easier to sustain kinship networks.” TallBear went on to assert that such benefits should be “untethered” from a legal, monogamous marriage.
Besides being an associate professor, TallBear has a blog called “The Critical Polyamorist,” which examines different aspects of “ethical non-monogamy.” Her site includes topics such as “Christianity and Polyamory,” “Colonialism and Polyamory,” “Family and Polyamory,” and “Professionalism and Polyamory.”
TallBear’s most recent podcast, posted on her site from 2019, is entitled, “Decolonizing Sex.” She also wrote an article in 2019 for Kalfou: A Journal of Comparative and Relational Ethnic Studies, entitled, “Caretaking Relations, Not American Dreaming,” which rejects “eurocentric hierarchies of life.”
“It is key to surround yourself with community that will not shame you. Find the community that helps you be who/where you want to be. It’s easier for your community to change you then for you to go it alone. SELF actualization is settler individualist logic.” TallBeartweeted earlier this month.
[RELATED: UNF Sex Week promotes polyamory as ‘alternative to cheating’]
Just days before, the professor predicted the end of the United States, saying “...To be clear, I don’t think US empire will survive. But as it declines and desperate Americans get more fearful, they get louder like during the Indian wars to eliminate, displace & become us.”
In response to the subject matter presented by TallBear to America’s young adults, Concerned Women for America reiterated to Campus Reform its belief in the need to continue the “defense of family.”
“God made marriage between a man and a woman and that is the foundation for monogamy, what we call marriage,” the group added.
Campus Reform has reported on campuses bringing other polyamorous speakers/events onto campus, including the Catholic institution DePaul University.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @carolinefshaver
TagsShare this articleCaroline Wharton
Staff Writer, Students for Life of AmericaCaroline Shaver is a Staff Writer at Students for Life of America. Previously, she was a North Carolina Campus Correspondent. Caroline graduated from University of North Carolina at Wilmington.
More articles like this
What you stand for is what defines you
Conservative students on college campuses are marginalized, threatened, and silenced by threatening students who oppose their views, or radicalized leftist professors or administrators. Campus Reform—and readers like you—are pushing back. Progressives would rather threaten you with violence, silence your conservative views, or call for you to be "canceled" from our society if you oppose them. They say your views are dangerous, hateful, fearful, or racist. They have it all wrong. What we stand for defines us—it always has.We can no longer remain silent. It is time for conservatives young and old to unite as a single voice to boldly proclaim what we stand for and oppose the mob.
Will you join with us, select the principles you stand for, and sign your name below?
I stand for the preservation of free speech all across our country—where I'm allowed to express my beliefs without fear of condemnation if my opinion differs from yours. I stand for protections for conservative students who are illegally being threatened or silenced on college campuses all across our country. I stand for the federal funding to be pulled from colleges and universities when they silence conservative views or students. Loading... Copyright © 2025 Leadership Institute All rights reserved v1.02